what's good everybody it's your boy
mattock here with a hip-hop album of you
I hope everybody is doing good I got my
Mountain Dew and I'm ready to just play
and I'm ready to review some albums now
we're gonna be reviewing today is Lola
Wayans the Carta - now hold on a second
before I even get started everybody is
gonna be in the comments like talking
dumb shit everything oh I thought you
hate little wait oh I thought you didn't
love him oh um I disliked this video
once up ahead none sucked nobody wants
your ass here anyway so this album in my
opinion was low lanes last good album
you know Carla 3 came out and it was
just terrible
Lil Wayne from then on to me anyway
which is terrible but this album he was
still telling a story you know like he
had really good punchlines in this album
he had um he was a good lyricist in this
album right I don't know what happened
between this album and like I am NOT a
human being
Lil Wayne but he just really went crazy
right um I really like the intro I like
track number 5 track number 8 and it
generally has just a good feeling right
now normally when I review albums
jr. I got the hiccups normally when I
review albums I look for a kind of like
an album ish feel to it now if you don't
know what I mean by that what I mean is
when the whole album has like a certain
type of feel you know not just like a
bunch of tracks thrown in there you know
like someone could make don't get me
wrong someone could make like 11 really
good songs you know and uh it'll be good
but if you make like what am I looking
for here like a like a master ace is a
long hot summer where it fits like the
whole theme right then it just makes it
like a lot better like a nas's Illmatic
it fits the whole theme you know someone
could make like a really good album
don't get me wrong and it'll do
have like all different kinds of tombs
kind of like a mixtape you know what I
mean not really like an album but if you
do that as now I mean it's good but it's
never as good as like stuff like the
card or two and a lot of people are
gonna get on me like I said earlier and
say oh well you always hate on Lil Wayne
you say he's garbage that's not true I
always give him credit on like his first
four albums you know like his earlier
years but past Carter's who was just
terrible for me I mean look at this
review I'm gonna give him a nine out of
ten on this album
this is best album and it's really good
like if people hate on low weight so
much just tell them look dude go on
YouTube
type in card of two full album give it
an hour and you'll like it you know
that's all you got to do and if they
don't want to do that then whatever is
their problem but anyway guys hope you
enjoyed it don't forget to subscribe and
hit the like button definitely go check
out this album killer punchlines killer
theme really fits the southern rap which
is pretty horrible but he makes it good
and go check it out guys later